OSDOCS-17049pr1: CQA2 edits (#114287)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/etcd-defrag-automatic.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * post_installation_configuration/cluster-tasks.adoc
// * etcd/etcd-performance.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="automatic-defrag-etcd-data_{context}"]
= Automatic defragmentation

[role="_abstract"]
When etcd database growth affects performance, the etcd Operator can automatically defragment member disks based on cluster metrics.

[NOTE]
====
Automatic defragmentation is good for most cases, because the etcd operator uses cluster information to determine the most efficient operation for the user.
====

The etcd Operator automatically defragments disks. No manual intervention is needed.

Verify that the defragmentation process is successful by viewing one of these logs:

* etcd logs
* cluster-etcd-operator pod
* operator status error log

[WARNING]
====

> Automatic defragmentation can cause leader election failure in various OpenShift core components, such as the Kubernetes controller manager, which triggers a restart of the failing component. The restart is harmless and either triggers failover to the next running instance or the component resumes work again after the restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic defragmentation can cause leader election failure in various {product-title} core components, such as the Kubernetes controller manager, which triggers a restart of the failing component. The restart is harmless and either triggers failover to the next running instance or the component resumes work again after the restart.
```
